Sima Shi, you trash
I let you kill Chen Yong
Why did you kill so many persimmons?
Your Majesty, the incident happened suddenly
Marching is also for self-protection
Prime Minister
Now Ultragreen chicken manure
What do you do?
Your Majesty is the king's plan
The murderer should be punished
Punish the murderer first
Come
Sima Shi dragged me down
Your Majesty, Sima Shi is not a murderer?
I know
But the murderer is marching
Sima Shi is the marching commander
But Sima Shi should
But don't worry, Prime Minister
I know Sima Shi is your brother-in-law
I just kept him for two months to pretend
After the prince's anger subsides
I will let him out
Put him back in charge of the march
And made him a prince
If the prime minister does not believe it, I will now
Rizhao
Sima Love
Calm down first
Sleeping
Wish for your majesty
no difficulty reduction
So now the murderer is Chu
What should we do?